can you describe its full No start from
the beginning what do you think I do
when you're away you think I'm out in
the garden pining looking at the sky why
are you here
I gotta leave a day early
[Music]
your husband's hair let me see him he's
extremely ill you have to tell me where
he was what he was doing it was his
decision to go in it's something they
termed the shimmer they've sent in
drones in teams of people but nothing
comes back but something has you're a
biologist who served in the military if
I knew what happened I could save his
life
the boundary is getting bigger it's
expanding we're talking city-states you
need to know what's inside it's
beautiful
check this out looks like they're stuck
in a continuous mutation are they
understand they're no
sharks have teeth like that not possible
you can't cross great different species
yes well soldiers on the last expedition
went crazy or something in here kill
them something's come through the fence
they were the fence we have to go back I
can't go back
we can camp here tonight
it's destroying everything it's not
destroying
it's making something new
[Music]